
h1. MapTracker - a Play! 2.0 demo

Use of Play! 2.0 (Java API) with Twitter Bootstrap, WebSockets, Akka and OpenLayers.

The purpose of this project is to show a moving vehicle on a map. The location of the vehicle is sent to the server through a REST call, and the connected users can see the vehicle moving in real-time on their map.

Please take a look at "this article":http://goo.gl/fapsG to have explanations.

h2. Known issue

It may not work under Windows, because of a "Play bug":https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups#!topic/play-framework/oCBbaeo4_4Y :

bc. java.lang.RuntimeException: java.lang.RuntimeException: com.google.javascript.js
comp.deps.SortedDependencies$MissingProvideException: module$maptracker

To solve this, move @maptracker.js@ from @app/asset/javascript@ to @public/javascript@.

h2. Javascript dependencies

The following libraries have been used in the project :

* "Twitter Bootstrap 2.0.1":http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/
* "OpenLayers 2.10":http://openlayers.org/ (API here: "http://dev.openlayers.org/releases/OpenLayers-2.10/doc/apidocs/files/OpenLayers/Map-js.html":http://dev.openlayers.org/releases/OpenLayers-2.10/doc/apidocs/files/OpenLayers/Map-js.html)

h2. Thanks to...

http://mapicons.nicolasmollet.com/ for the icons.

h2. License

Copyright 2012 Ekito - http://www.ekito.fr/
 
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
 
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
